docs(review): review content (#1967)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/my-account/how-to/contact-support.mdx

  paragraph: This page shows you how to contact the support team.
tags: contact support help assistance dedibox-console
dates:
  validation: 2023-07-24
  posted: 2021-08-05
categories:
  - account
---

<Message type="requirement">
  You have an account and are logged into the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net)
</Message>

## How to contact the Dedibox support team by ticket?

1. Access your [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net) account by logging in.

> 2. Locate and click on the **Support** link.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Locate and click the **Support** link.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway_create_ticket.webp" alt="" />

> 3. From the options provided, select Technical assistance. This will open a form for you to fill out.

Author: ```suggestion
3. From the options provided, select Technical assistance. This opens a form for you to fill out.
```

4. Fill out the required details in the form, providing as much relevant information as possible.

> 5. Once you have composed your message, proceed to submit the ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once your are finished writing your ticket, proceed to submit it.
```

>    After sending the ticket, you will have access to view your conversation history with the technical assistance team, enabling you to keep track of your previous and current tickets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After sending the ticket, you will have access to your conversation history with the technical assistance team, enabling you to keep track of your previous and current tickets.
```

<Message type="tip">

>   Take a look at the [Scaleway Status](https://status.scaleway.com/) page to check the status of our services and to find maintenance information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Take a look at the [Scaleway Status](https://status.scaleway.com/) page to check the status of our services and find maintenance information.
```
